09 Oct 2022

31. overhaul: to look at something carefully and change or repair it if necessary

32. pulled up: to stop

33. stricture: a restriction on a person or activity

34. deterrent: something that should stop you doing something

35. tenable: able to be defended against attack or criticism

36. excipients: substances used alongside active ingredients

37. sternly: कठोरतापूर्वक

38: inept: not able to do something well
			Ex:- कोई काम अच्‍छे ढंग से करने में असमर्थ; दक्षताहीन, अकुशल 

39: hushed up: to keep quiet

40. crack down on: take severe measures against someone or something.

41. merry: happy or slightly drunk

42. unscrupulous: being dishonest, cruel or unfair in order to get what you want

43. frantic: extremely worried or frightened

44. indoctrination: मतारोपण

45. afloat: अच्‍छी आर्थिक स्थिति में होना

46. maxim: कहावत

47. draconian: excessively harsh and severe.

48. intrude : to enter a place or situation without permission or when you are not wanted

49. unleashed upon: to free from

50. charade: झूठी स्थिति या घटना जिसमें लोग दिखावे का व्‍यवहार करते हैं

51. commie: communist

52. slumber: to be deeply asleep
			Ex:- गहरी नींद सोना, नींद, झपकी

53. herstory: history viewed from a female or specifically feminist perspective.

54. laureate: a person who has been given a high official honour or prize for something 
			important they have achieved in a particular field

55. canon: a generally accepted rule, standard or principle by which something is judged
			स्‍वीकृत नियम, मापदंड या सिद्घांत जिससे किसी वस्‍तु का मूल्‍यांकन होता है
				Ex:- the canons of good taste

	     a list of books or other works that are generally accepted as the genuine work of a particular writer or as being important
			किसी लेखक की मान्‍यता दिलाने या महत्वपूर्ण पुस्‍तकों, लेखों आदि की प्रमाणित व सर्वस्वीकृत सूची
				Ex:- the Shakespeare canon

56. rung: सीढ़ी का डंडा जिस पर पैर रखते हैं

57. ethnologist:?

57: harrowing: लोगों को दुखी या परेशान कर देने वाला; उत्‍पीड़क
			Ex:- The programme showed harrowing scenes of the victims of 
				the war.The programme showed harrowing scenes of the victims of the war.

58. manifestly: सुस्‍पष्‍ट रूप से

59. cartel: a group of separate companies that agree to increase profits by fixing prices and not 
		competing with each other

60. grapple: व्‍यक्ति या वस्‍तु को पकड़कर उससे लड़ना या उसे क़ाबू में करने की कोशिश करना
